---
title: "Snaps directory structure"
---


This section describes the directories found within a snap and details their content. If you're building your snaps with snapcraft, after running a build, the directory structure can be seen in the `prime/` directory. 

Directory | Purpose | Content
:---- | ---- | ----
`root` | Where your code is shipped, along wrapper files generated by Snapcraft. | App source code, `*.wrapper` files
`bin` | Contains all binaries shipped by the app. | Binaries
`meta` | Contains details that describe the snap. | [`snap.yaml`](/docs/snaps/metadata), licence.txt
`meta/gui` | Contains GUI related files for the snap. | Desktop files, icons

	
## license.txt

A license text that the user must accept before the snap can be installed.


## meta/gui/

The `gui` directory contains GUI related files for the snap, such as icons and desktop files.

### Desktop files

The `meta/gui/` directory may contain `.desktop` files for the snap. Those desktop files may contain all valid desktop entries from the [xdg Desktop Entry Specification version 1.1](https://specifications.freedesktop.org/desktop-entry-spec/1.1/) with some exceptions listed below. If there is a line with an unknown key or an unofficial key that line is silently removed from the desktop file on install.

Only `Exec=` lines that start with `Exec=$snap.$app` are valid, but arguments may be passed.

### Unsupported desktop keys

The `DBusActivatable`, `TryExec` and `Implements` keys are currently not supported and will be silently removed from the desktop file on install.
